W-19806582-crytography-module-update-kt (#3028)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: cryptography/2.0/modules/ROOT/pages/cryptography-module-upgrade.adoc

If the output shows AES128 or SHA1, it means the protection wasn't correctly applied, and the key isn't FIPS-compliant. In that case, repeat the migration process or consider using the next alternative approach.

Note that SHA1 protection can still appear in GPG output due to the v4 packet format, even when SHA256 is used for the hash algorithm. For example:

----
iter+salt S2K, algo: 9, SHA1 protection, hash: 8
----

In this case, `algo: 9` indicates AES256 encryption and `hash: 8` indicates SHA256 hashing. The "SHA1 protection" text refers to the packet format version, not the actual hash algorithm used.

==== FIPS Support Matrix

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Operation | FIPS Support | Notes

> | PGP Encrypt | Not Supported | OpenPGP limitation in FIPS environments

Reviewer: If you want to clarify with more info, you can say: _**Not supported — blocked by BCFIPS since RSA PKCS#1 v1.5 encryption is disallowed.**_

JKS is no longer the default keystore type. You must explicitly select the keystore type. In FIPS environments, BCFKS is required.

== Scope and Limitations (FIPS)

> PGP Encrypt doesn't work in FIPS environments due to a limitation of OpenPGP when running in FIPS mode. This limitation exists regardless of how the keyring is generated, whether with GPG 2.0 and lower, GPG 2.1 and higher, or BC-FIPS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **PGP Encrypt** operation is not supported in FIPS environments due to a limitation in the OpenPGP standard (RFC 4880). OpenPGP mandates the use of RSAES-PKCS1-v1_5 for session key encryption, which is explicitly disallowed in FIPS-approved mode. 
This limitation exists regardless of how the keyring is generated, whether with GPG 2.0 and lower, GPG 2.1 and higher, or BC-FIPS. 
```
